Promote `KafkaNodePools` feature gate to GA (#9811)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

IMPORTANT: With the `StableConnectIdentities` feature gate permanently enabled, direct downgrades from Strimzi 0.39 and newer to Strimzi 0.33 or earlier are not possible.
You must first downgrade through one of the Strimzi versions in-between, disable the `StableConnectIdentities` feature gate, and then downgrade to Strimzi 0.33 or earlier.

[id='ref-operator-kafka-node-pools-feature-gate-{context}']
=== KafkaNodePools feature gate

The `KafkaNodePools` feature gate introduced a new `KafkaNodePool` custom resource that enables the configuration of different _pools_ of Apache Kafka nodes.

A node pool refers to a distinct group of Kafka nodes within a Kafka cluster.
Each pool has its own unique configuration, which includes mandatory settings such as the number of replicas, storage configuration, and a list of assigned roles.

> You can assign the _controller_ role, _broker_ role, or both roles to all nodes in the pool in the `.spec.roles` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign the _controller_ role, _broker_ role, or both roles to all nodes in the pool using the `.spec.roles` property.
```
